feat(spanner): long running transaction clean up - disabled (#8177)
googleapis/google-cloud-go: spanner/README.md

if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}

> ```

Author: @arpan14 @olavloite @rahul2393 @asthamohta 
Can you please take a look at the golang documentation for session leaks and give your LGTM?

### Session Leak
A `Client` object of the Client Library has a limit on the number of maximum sessions. For example the
default value of `MaxOpened`, which is the maximum number of sessions allowed by the session pool in the 

> Golang Client Library is 400. You can configure these values at the time of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Golang Client Library, is 400. You can configure these values at the time of
```

Author: Done.

creating a `Client` by passing custom `SessionPoolConfig` as part of `ClientConfig`. When all the sessions are checked
out of the session pool, every new transaction has to wait until a session is returned to the pool.
If a session is never returned to the pool (hence causing a session leak), the transactions will have to wait
indefinitely and your application will be blocked.

#### Common Root Causes
The most common reason for session leaks in the Golang client library are:
1. Not stopping a `RowIterator` that is returned by `Query`, `Read` and other methods. Always use `RowIterator.Stop()` to ensure that the `RowIterator` is always closed.
2. Not closing a `ReadOnlyTransaction` when you no longer need it. Always call `ReadOnlyTransaction.Close()` after use, to ensure that the `ReadOnlyTransaction` is always closed.

> 3. Not closing a `BatchReadOnlyTransaction` when you no longer need it. Always call `BatchReadOnlyTransaction.Close()` after use, to ensure that the `BatchReadOnlyTransaction` is always closed.

Reviewer: For a different PR: We should change the implementation of `BatchReadOnlyTransaction` to not use any sessions from the pool, and instead create a separate session.

Author: `BatchReadOnlyTransaction` already creates its own session and do not use any sessions from the pool. Sorry for the confusion.
I have removed this line.

As shown in the example below, the `txn.Close()` statement releases the session after it is complete.

> If you don't do `txn.Close()`, the session is not released back to the pool. The recommended way is to use `defer` as shown below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you fail to call `txn.Close()`, the session is not released back to the pool. The recommended way is to use `defer` as shown below.
```

Author: Done

```go
client, err := spanner.NewClient(ctx, "projects/P/instances/I/databases/D")
if err != nil {
  log.Fatal(err)
}
txn := client.ReadOnlyTransaction()
defer txn.Close()
```

#### Debugging and Resolving Session Leaks

##### Logging inactive transactions

> Enabled by default, the logging option shares warn logs when you have exhausted >95% of your session pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option logs warnings when you have exhausted >95% of your session pool. It is enabled by default.
```

> This could mean two things, either you need to increase the max sessions in your session pool (as the number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could mean two things; either you need to increase the max sessions in your session pool (as the number
```

Author: Done

> of queries run using the client side database object is greater than your session pool can serve) or you may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of queries run using the client side database object is greater than your session pool can serve), or you may
```

have a session leak. To help debug which transactions may be causing this session leak, the logs will also contain stack traces of
transactions which have been running longer than expected if `TrackSessionHandles` under `SessionPoolConfig` is enabled.

```go
sessionPoolConfig := spanner.SessionPoolConfig{
    TrackSessionHandles: true,
    InactiveTransactionRemovalOptions: spanner.InactiveTransactionRemovalOptions{
      ActionOnInactiveTransaction: spanner.Warn,
    },
}
client, err := spanner.NewClientWithConfig(
	ctx, database, spanner.ClientConfig{SessionPoolConfig: sessionPoolConfig},
)
if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}
defer client.Close()

// Example Log message to warn presence of long running transactions
// session <session-info> checked out of pool at <session-checkout-time> is long running due to possible session leak for goroutine
// <Stack Trace of transaction>

```

##### Automatically clean inactive transactions

> When the option to automatically clean inactive transactions is enabled, the client library will automatically spot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the option to automatically clean inactive transactions is enabled, the client library will automatically detect
```

Author: Done

> problematic transactions that are running for extremely long periods of time (thus causing session leaks) and close them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
problematic transactions that are running for a very long time (thus causing session leaks) and close them.
```

Author: Done
